Compiler hooks (#4474)
apollographql/apollo-kotlin: tests/compiler-hooks/README.md

# Compiler hooks examples

In this project you can see examples of how to use the compiler hooks.

3 example implementations of `ApolloCompilerKotlinHooks` are defined in `build.gradle.kts`:

- `DefaultNullValuesHooks` - Adds a default `null` value to data class fields that are nullable
- `TypeNameInterfaceHooks` - Adds a super interface to models that expose `__typename`
- `PrefixNamesHooks` - Prefix generated class names with the specified prefix. Shows how to make
  `postProcessFileSpec` and `overrideResolvedType` work together.

## Gradle plugin

> To use `compilerKotlinHooks` you must use `id("com.apollographql.apollo3.external")` instead of the
> usual `id("com.apollographql.apollo3")`. This is because this one includes the full dependency to KotlinPoet that the
> hooks api depends on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use `compilerKotlinHooks` you must use `id("com.apollographql.apollo3.external")` instead of the
usual `id("com.apollographql.apollo3")`. This is because the external plugin doesn't relocate the KotlinPoet dependency that the hooks api depends on.
```

Reviewer: Can we make the plugin throw if we detect that someone is using `shadowed` + `hooks`?
